[metal scraping]
- [gasps]
Lord Tokito!
- Don't underestimate me,
you damn brat!
["Kizuna no Kiseki" playing]
♪♪ ♪♪
[singers vocalizing]
[soft music]
- Hey, I'm not
underestimating you.
I'm merely stating a fact.
Getting beheaded by me is
just inevitable at this point.
After all, for whatever reason,
I'm really
in the zone right now.
I wonder why.
- How dare you speak to me
so disrespectfully,
you miserable brat!
As if someone
who's only lived a decade
could ever hope to behead me!
- I might be young, but I
despise everything about you,
so I'm sure I'll find a way.
From the way you look and talk,
everything about you is creepy.
- You simply can't appreciate
my beauty, my grace,
or my elegance,
because an imbecile like you
is too uneducated and poor
to comprehend it!
The same way a dung beetle
couldn't read a book
if its life depended on it!
- Now that you mention it,
you do sort of look
like a dung beetle.
- You're the dung battle,
damn it!
Look at you
with your short limbs
and that small, pathetic blade!
You couldn't reach my neck
even if you tried!
- Strange.
If I'm not mistaken,
I did earlier.
And unless I'm blind,
your limbs
are shorter than mine.
Oh, I get it now.
You were just thinking
out loud about yourself.
I'm sorry I interrupted.
- Hyo, hyo!
My, what a childish insult.
Don't tell me you really thought
that would be enough
to fluster me!
I can see now
how desperate you are to win.
What a sad sight to look upon.
- Mm. Hmm.
- Hyeh, hyeh!
What's wrong?
- It's really bugging me.
That odd vase of yours,
why is it misshapen?
It's not symmetrical, is it?
What a sad sight to look upon.
- [gasps]
How dare you critique my art
with those
rotten eyeballs of yours!
My vase is perfect!
And certainly not misshapen!
Blood Demon Art...
[singers vocalizing]
Ten Thousand Gliding Slime Fish!
Once my 10,000 assassins
are finished picking you clean
to the bone,
I'll make you
into one of my beloved works!
- Mist Breathing...
Sixth Form:
Lunar Dispersing Mist.
- What?!
He slashed them all at once?!
His speed and attack range
have increased!
Why isn't my poison
having an effect on him?!
I didn't expect this.
Regardless,
I have nothing to worry about.
You've dealt
with the immediate threat,
but before those fish
turn to dust,
they'll disperse more poison!
And since it's
transdermal poison they release,
it can also be absorbed
through the skin!
Get hit with that,
and you're finished.
- Mist Breathing Third Form...
Scattering Mist Splash!
♪♪ ♪♪
- What?!
He blasted them all away
with just that one swing?!
[gasps]
- You can shed your skin.
You're proving to be
a real pain in the butt.
Stop wasting my time hiding
in trees, and just fight me.
- Hyo, hyo, hyo, hyo!
Prepare yourself,
for you're about
to witness my true form!
- Go on.
- [chuckles]
Only two people before you
have seen me in this state.
- Really? That many?
- Shut up!
No one's lived
to tell the tale
once I've started
taking things seriously!
- How amazing.
- Shut your mouth,
you dimwitted brat!
I'll have you know
my translucent scales
are harder and stronger
than diamonds.
I kneaded each one
inside my vase!
Behold my artistry
in its perfect, beautiful form!
Bow down before me in awe!
[chuckles]
Um...
Say something,
you worthless puppet!
Quit playing dumb with me!
You really know how to rub
someone the wrong way,
don't you, brat?!
- But you just told me
to shut my mouth earlier.
Besides...
it didn't really warrant
a reaction.
[soft music]
[liquid flows]
[laughs]
- Hold on.
Didn't you just tell me
not to go hiding in trees?
You're proving to be
a pain in the butt.
- No, the only reason
I'm up here
is to hide from your stench.
- So what do you think
of my godlike power, hmm?
Everything my fists touch
turn into the most amazing fish
you've seen!
Not to mention my speed,
along with the unparalleled
flexibility I have
with this springy body!
On top of that,
my rippling scales
allow me to move
without restraint!
I'm unstoppable!
I can see you're so terrified,
you're trembling!
But believe it or not,
I still haven't gotten serious!
Huh?
- Even the most jaw-dropping
attack is pointless
if you can't land it.
Remember
that boiling fury within me...
as I watched maggots
infest my beloved brother's body
as he began to rot.
I found myself
on the brink of death,
and the maggots
started feeding on me.
[drop echoes]
- Boil some water right away!
And start applying clean cloth
to their wounds!
- Yes, Mother!
[Tokito shudders]
- [gasps]
How's the older brother?
- He passed away before we came.
- Do everything in your power to
keep the younger brother alive!
- Yes, Mother!
[Tokito sighs]
[water splashes]
Bro... ther.
- [gasps]
- [grunts]
[foreboding music]
[dramatic music]
[gasps]
- I was fortunate enough
to be rescued.
Had I not, I would have died.
[Tokito grunts]
[grunting]
- Lord Tokito,
you're not fully healed yet.
You shouldn't--
- I may have lost my memory,
but my body remembers.
That fury will rage
within me until I die.
It's how I pushed myself
past my limits,
how I trained
until I vomited blood.
To annihilate the demons!
To put an end to their kind
once and for all.
- Bear witness
to my unbridled strength
and all its glory!
Blood Demon Art...
Killer Fish Scales!
Hyo, hyo, hyo!
Now what do you think?
I doubt you've ever seen
a demon move quite like this!
My scales allow me
to move at will!
I'm impossible to predict!
This speed goes against the laws
of nature, wouldn't you say?
I wonder what kind of art I
should make out of your body?!
Maybe I should rip off
that ugly head of yours
and replace it
with one my lovely fish!
It's over for you!
- Mist Breathing
Seventh Form...
Obscuring Clouds.
- Huh?
[singers vocalizing]
No, no, there he is!
Found him!
Not there?
Over there, eh?
Hyo, hyo! Too slow!
What's this?
H-How can you vanish?
What's going on here?
Where did that brat go?
It's like-- It's like...
the area's being
completely shrouded in mist!
♪♪ ♪♪
[gasps]
- So, tell me.
- What?
- What made you think...
- Huh?
- ...that you were the only one
not taking this fight seriously?
[sword rings]
- What the hell? What the hell?
Am I upside-down?!
What's going on here?
Why can't I sense anything?!
That pest
is finally showing himself!
I need to make
short work of him
and report to Lord Muzan!
Huh?
B-- B-- Behea--
Beheaded! Beheaded!
Ridiculous! Impossible!
Unbelievable!
What an unheard-of,
abnormal situation!
Did I actually lose?
Me? Lose? I lost to a child?!
Me, of all people?
- It's over for you.
Farewell.
Do everyone a favor,
and never be reborn again.
- Curses!
How could this
have happened to me?!
A lowly human like you
shouldn't be able
to decapitate me!
You abominable,
low-level life-form!
My life is worth over a hundred
of your wretched kind!
I am one of the chosen,
exalted life-forms!
You're nothing but weak flesh
that grows old!
But I took your insignificant
lives in my hands
and used those hands to elevate
you all to worthy works of art!
You ignorant,
vulgar little maggo--
[slices echo]
- I've heard more than enough.
Now go to hell,
where you rightfully belong.
[wind gusts]
[wind blowing]
[sword slices]
[birds chirping]
- [caws]
[cawing continues]
- Try not to be rigid
about how you perceive
the world around you, Muichiro.
Once you've rediscovered
your unshakeable self,
you will become
even more powerful.
- It's exactly
like the Master said to me.
As long as I have
my unshakable self,
I can dig in with both feet
and all my might.
As long as I know
who I am in my heart,
all doubt and hesitation
will disappear like the mist.
As long as I draw breath,
no demon on Earth
can escape my blade.
- Uh, Lord Tokito?
Lord Tokito!
You saved our lives!
But are you all right?
- Don't worry about me.
I'm fine.
- Are you sure about that?!
- Yeah. Why wouldn't I
feel incredible right now?
- [trembling]
- I should get going.
I have to join up
with Tanjiro and the others.
- I don't know.
You're looking really pale,
Lord Tokito.
Are you certain
you're all right?
- Like I said, I'm totally fine.
What makes you think otherwise?
[heavy exhale]
- Huh? I can hear you heaving!
And I can see
your whole body's trembling!
- I'm okay.
- Hey, you!
- But if you don't mind,
could you go ahead
and check on Kotetsu and...
- You're literally
frothing at the mouth!
[shrieks]
Lord Tokito!
Oh, crap! Oh, crap!
Is he about to die?
What am I supposed to do?
Hey! Somebody!
- [scraping]
- Mr. Haganezuka!
Mr. Haganezuka!
He's not coming to help,
is he?
I shouldn't be surprised.
He ignored me
when I was about to be murdered!
- [retches]
- Agh!
He's choking on the foam!
This is bad! Wh-What--
What should I do?
- You should probably
lay him on his side.
- Huh? R-Right!
Huh?!
[stammers]
[shrieks]
It's the ghost
of young Kotetsu!
- Don't worry. I'm not a ghost.
I'd have to be dead for that.
- No, they all say that!
Ghosts are never aware
they're ghosts
or that they're even dead!
- Yeah, I know, but I'm alive.
- No, no, no, no!
Your solar plexus!
How could you
possibly be alive
after losing all that blood?
- Oh, this? This is the blood
from the arm they slashed.
It must have smeared
on my chest.
My arm wound's
pretty deep though,
and if it doesn't stop bleeding,
then I might
actually be dead soon.
Oh, yeah, as for my belly...
that's where I was carrying
the guard Mr. Tanjiro gave me.
It saved me.
He specifically said
he wanted it
to be the guard
on his new sword.
- Mm!
Let's give it our all
as Hashira!
[sentimental music]
[father] See? Everything
turned out just fine.
- Father.
Mother.
[sighs]
[Yuichiro] Muichiro...
♪♪ ♪♪
...you did great.
- Brother.
♪♪ ♪♪
Thank you.
[whoosh]
[tense music]
[singers vocalizing]
- There are
five wooden dragon heads.
They can expand
to about 66 feet.
All right!
I've got one thing figured out!
[drum pounds]
- [growls]
- Hinokami Kagura Clear Blue...
- [high-pitched tone ringing]
- [groans]
[groans]
- [grunts]
- [growls]
[gun fires]
[Genya grunting]
[yells]
- [gags]
M-My eardrums just burst!
I'm so dizzy.
I can't get up!
It's no good!
Get on your feet! Hurry!
Here comes an attack!
[yells]
It can use the powers
of the Four Emotions!
Not only that,
but the power's been magnified!
- [grunts]
- [groans]
- No time
to use Breathing skills!
And I can't heal!
- [growls]
- I can't handle
the attacks anymore,
even if I anticipate them!
I can't catch my breath.
But if I can somehow
get 66 feet away...
All right, I can do this!
- [roars]
- It's stretching!
Use a technique!
Slash it!
- [gasps]
- Eh?
- [roars]
- [grunting]
- [yells]
- [wincing]
[groans]
It's hopeless.
I'm getting crushed.
[gags]
[crunch]
- It's over!
[blade swishes]
Hmm?
[heroic music]
- [gasps]
♪♪ ♪♪
- A Hashira?
[Kanroji squeals]
Such a ghastly monster!
What is that thing?
- [gasps] Ms. Kanroji?
- You okay?
I'm sorry I'm so late!
That was a close one!
- [winces]
Ms. Kanroji!
- Tanjiro!
Take a well-deserved break!
Great job out there!
I'm proud!
- I-I can't hear,
because my eardrums burst.
- [grunts]
Tanjiro...
I promise I'll rescue
Nezuko and Genya, all right?
- Annoying girl.
- [grunts]
So just leave the rest to me!
- [growls]
[dramatic music]
- W-Wait!
Upper Rank.
It's Upper Four!
♪♪ ♪♪
- Hah!
- [groans]
- [giggles]
["Koi Kogare" playing]
♪♪ ♪♪
[page rustles]
[cheerful music]
[Zenitsu] What gives?
When's our turn?
Hey, you, when's my turn?
- Huh? Huh?
I can't detect
any traces of the enemy!
Where the heck is the enemy?
- Nowhere, 'cause our turn
isn't happening for a while!
- Huh?
- Oh, boy.
We're gonna
carry out this mission,
then move on to the next one.
Next, Episode 10,
"Love Hashira, Mitsuri Kanroji."
- You better demolish
that Upper Rank demon!
You got that, Senpachiro?